I was watching The Today Show today and
they had the award winners from shape
magazine and usually I don't pay too
much attention to this because whatever
every single person likes a lot of times
I'll find something wrong with it but
when they came to the eyeliner I was
intrigued it was estee lauder gel
eyeliner actually it's called double
wear stay-in-place gel eyeliner and what
I like about it here it is is that
there's no pencil and I have never in my
life ever used anything but a pencil
I've tried liquid eyeliners and I think
I've told you before my fine motor
skills are not great so it looked too
dramatic I just couldn't and when I
smudged it it didn't it just looked all
over the Bell forget it anyway so I've
always used pencils pencils are paying
it to constantly sharpen them because i
really like a really fine tip so this is
different and i'm going to have to try
it for a while i just got it this one I
put it on as soon as I got it so it's
been on a few hours now and I want to
put a little more on for you okay here
it is this is onyx this is the blackest
black ok so what it came with this
little brush because I almost bought a
brush without oh gosh $20 another on a
10-4 brush of forget it but it did come
with a brush so and I don't know if I
can do it very well on camera cuz like i
said i don't have the best fine motor
skills but i want to show you what i
like about it it gives it somewhat of a
soft look you can see right here it's
not too thick but you have to really
really with this pencil not used too
much that's the trick because if you use
a lot it's going to get too thick and
won it oh this is going to be hard but
i'm going to show a little bit no no lid
because i think that's important I
already have a little bit over here
but you can kind of play around with it
and it's I have to say very different
using a brush for an eyeliner i know a
lot of people used shadows to line their
eyes I've tried that not really intense
enough for me it's almost like I
couldn't see it so this is I would say
kind of halfway in between it's not
quite as striking maybe as a pencil but
not as translucent as if you were to use
a shadow and you can get a little bit
bolder of a look if you put more on I
don't like a super super heavy line like
I said so I'm not going to do that and
I'm hoping for twenty dollars it lasts a
long time and it looks like i didn't use
how you can't tell but i didn't use a
whole lot today and i feel like i can
make it go a long way with less is more
attitude on this